# Game Jam Game Engine

A game engine for quickly developing games during a game jam

What was built:
Kind of a game engine I guess. It's very messy, and I'm not sure I did well implementing things with traits. Technically it is able to put entities on the screen, but I didn't get to the scene or event systems that I wanted. I did manage to make an async logger.

I am proud of the assets module though, it makes it so I don't have to hard code any asset loading whatsoever. Including the definitions for the sprite sheets, AND it also lets me name all of it so I don't have to hold onto arbitrary IDs.

Lifetimes really gave me a run for my money throughout this project. It was very early on, before we learned about them, that I ran into `sdl2::render::Texture` which needed a lifetime. That really threw a wrench into being able to use references early on. I switched to `std::rc::Rc`s to compensate for it but that was not the move because it makes it strange to pass things around, lots of cloning happening, and as I understand it that's a kind of expensive operation.

I think I have a really good grasp on lifetimes and the borrow checker now though, and how lifetimes are automatically generated by function arguments.

I am going to continue work on this though. I need to rethink some of the logic and functionallity though.

This is my favorite language now, and I'm excited to continue learning about it. 

Thanks for the class! I am going to continue attending PDX Rust Meetup events.
